<h3><strong>CDC can't verify all company profiles; therefore candidates are advised to do their own research on the companies from the information available in public domain before applying.</strong></h3><h3><strong>Candidates must read the entire notification and apply only if they are eligible (CGPA, backlog, gap in education etc.) and agree to meet employment conditions (medical, bond etc.) in all aspects; candidate has to meet all eligibility criteria and employment conditions laid down during the application process till joining. If the candidate is ineligible during application or becomes ineligible before joining, the candidate will be solely responsible for any consequences due to this.</strong></h3><p>&nbsp;</p><p >We are excited to inform you that Amazon is looking to hire talented students from your esteemed institution for 6-month internship program starting from July- December.</p><p >This internship will provide students with hands on industry experience, exposure to real world projects, and an opportunity to work with experienced professionals.</p><p >&nbsp;</p><p ><strong><u>Eligibility Criteria:</u></strong></p><p >&nbsp;</p><p >We are inviting applications from students with the following educational backgrounds:</p><p >&nbsp;</p><ul ><li>Degree Programs: Integrated Dual Degree, Integrated M.Tech, BE, ME, B.Tech, M.Tech</li><li>Disciplines: Computer Science (CS), Information Technology (IT), and Circuital branches such as Electronics &amp; Communication Engineer (ECE), Electrical Engineering (EE), etc.</li></ul><p >&nbsp;</p><p >&nbsp;</p><p ><strong><u>Internship Details</u></strong>:</p><p >&nbsp;</p><ul ><li>Duration: 6 months ( July-December)</li><li>Location : Office location</li><li>Stipend per month (INR) : 1,10,000</li></ul><ol ><li>Other benefits&nbsp;:<strong>&nbsp;Relocation allowance</strong>&nbsp;-&nbsp;entitled to 400 USD per month as relocation allowance. These funds can also be used towards other expenses such as checking baggage, utilities, furnishings, etc. The amount is in USD and will be converted to local currency at time of payment.&nbsp;<strong>Meal card</strong>&nbsp;of INR 1,100 per month.</li></ol><ul ><li>Job role: SDE1</li></ul><p >&nbsp;</p><p ><strong><u>Hiring Process:</u></strong></p><p >&nbsp;</p><ol ><li>Online assessment : Shortlisted candidates will be required to take an online test evaluating their technical and problem-solving skills.</li><li>Interview Round: Candidates who clear the online assessment will proceed to a final interview round with our Technical team.</li></ol>